EGYPTIAN RAT SCREW — RULES
Source: Bicycle Cards, https://bicyclecards.com/how-to-play/egyptian-rat-screw

PLAYERS: 2, 3, 4, or 5+.
THE PACK: A standard 52-card deck, which can include Jokers (decide before
you start whether Jokers are in).

OBJECT OF THE GAME
Win all the cards.

THE DEAL
Deal the whole deck out one card at a time, face down, evenly to all players.
Without looking at their cards, each player squares their hand into a neat
face-down pile in front of them.

THE PLAY
Starting to the left of the dealer, players take turns pulling the top card
off their pile and placing it face-up onto a central pile.
  - If the card played is a NUMBER card (2-10), the next player simply plays
    their top card, and so on around the table.
  - When a FACE CARD or ACE (J, Q, K, or A) is played, the next player in
    sequence must play another face card or an ace for play to continue.
  - If that next player does NOT play a face card or an ace within their
    allotted chance, the player who played the last face card or ace wins the
    round and takes the whole central pile. That winner starts the next round.

THE SLAP RULE
The slap rule overrides the face-card/ace rule. The first player to slap the
central pile when a slappable pattern appears wins that round and takes the
whole pile. If it cannot be determined who slapped first, the player with the
most fingers on top of the pile wins.

Slappable patterns:
  - DOUBLE: two cards of equal value in a row.  Ex: 5, 5
  - SANDWICH: two cards of equal value with one different card between them.
    Ex: 5, 7, 5
  - TOP-BOTTOM: a card is played that matches the FIRST (bottom) card of the
    current pile.
  - TENS: two cards played in a row (or with one face/ace card between them)
    that add up to 10. An Ace counts as 1 for this rule. Ex: 3, 7  or  A, K, 9
  - JOKERS: if Jokers are in play, the pile can be slapped any time a Joker is
    laid down.
  - FOUR IN A ROW: four cards in a row in consistent ascending or descending
    order. Ex: 5, 6, 7, 8  or  Q, K, A, 2
  - MARRIAGE: a Queen played immediately over or under a King. Ex: Q, K or K, Q

WRONG SLAP PENALTY
If you slap the pile when it was not slappable, you must add one or two cards
from the top of your pile to the bottom of the central pile.

RUNNING OUT OF CARDS
Keep playing even after you run out of cards. As long as you have not just
made a wrong slap, you may still "slap in" on a slappable pile to win cards
and get back in. Stay in until one player has every card.

HOW TO KEEP SCORE / WINNING
The player who ends up with all of the cards wins.

NOTES ON VARIATIONS (very common house rules — only apply these if the players
say they are using them; they are NOT part of the Bicycle rules above):
  - COUNTDOWN / TRIBUTE: instead of "one allotted chance", the player facing a
    face card gets a fixed number of chances to produce a face card or ace:
    J = 1 chance, Q = 2, K = 3, A = 4. If they fail to play a face/ace within
    that many cards, the previous face/ace player takes the pile. If they DO
    play one, the count passes to the next player with the new card's number
    of chances.
  - Some groups require the wrong-slapper to give a card to the player whose
    card was on top, rather than burying cards.
  - Some groups only allow slaps with an open hand, palm down.
